# NotLonelyFeelHomely
Not Lonely Feel Homely  Astronauts feel problem with home sickness; many research are still going on about the attributes which would help themselves to feel like earth. It is well known that behavioural and mental disturbance due to monotonousness creates several problem to concentrate on their work in space. Finding solution to this question we are thinking of developing an application like “Smart Intelligent Assistant” which will help the astronauts feel like home. In contrast there will have an intelligent system which will monitor the attitude and activities of the astronauts by asking several questions and challenges like psychological games, music, books, yoga etc. Opening the application a talking BOT will talk to the astronaut as like human being with emotional sentences like anger, love, joy etc. based on the time and activities with the application. S/he can directly choose option to reduce monotonousness or let the BOT suggest best suited option for him/her by asking several questions. Moreover, these data will be stored in our intelligent system to analysis his/her behavior while starting with the application. From any option choose/suggested by the application there will have some activities or challenges which the astronaut need to complete. During that time, there will have intermediate options and/or suggestions to analysis the mental or behavioral stage of the astronaut. In the other hand, our intelligent system will also monitor the using time of the application. Our smart BOT will not allow to do the activities/challenges for a long time because of not hampering their actual work for what they are there sent in the space. In each time the astronauts actually giving their behavioral data and mental condition in both subject and objective form of data to our intelligent system. This intelligent system not only analysis the condition of the astronauts during space but it also provide NASA the behavioral or mental condition varieties of data. These data will help in future providing the astronauts more homely feelings in space. In this way we are hopeful to reduce the monotonousness of the astronauts in the space as well as monitor their mental or behavioral condition and give them a Smart Intelligent Assistant which will helps them to reduce monotonousness and smart more effectively in space. 
